---

published: true

layout: post
title: United Bitcoin
permalink: united-bitcoin/

tag: 'upcoming'

date: 2017-12-12 11:45 +0100
update: 2017-12-12 18:45 +0100

eta: 2018-01-03 12:00 +0000
executed: 2017-12-12 12:00 +0000

tagline: "Garzik's project of scalable Bitcoin."
blocksize: 501878

desc: "United Bitcoin fork has 8M blocks, SegWit, LN and Smart Contracts. Opt in for phase 2."

feature: "/images/ub.png"

official: "http://www.ub.com/"
team: "Jeff Garzik, SongXiu Hua, Matthew Roszak"
rp: "Yes."
granted: "https://qoinpro.com/"
wallets:
- {name: 'Official Bitcoin-Qt and core wallet, no light client yet.', 'url': 'http://www.ub.com/project/wallet'}

---

This fork has two phases - phase 1 (the actual split) happened on Dec 12.

Features:

* 8MB
* SegWit
* Lightning Network
* Smart contracts

Considering:

* Quantum Computing resistant hashing algorithm (security)
* Zero knowledge proofs (privacy and fungibility)
* Atomic swaps

[Twitter](https://twitter.com/United_Bitcoin)

## Phase 1 - Distribution on chain split

**12 December 2017, block 498777.**

UnitedBitcoin is not pre-mined but there is a limitation as to who receives the forked coins. All **active balances** on the Bitcoin chain will receive equivalent balances on the UnitedBitcoin chain.

### The active balance condition

All users who transfer Bitcoins between their addresses between Block 494000 and Block 498777 (11 November 2017 to 12 December 2017 GMT) are eligible on the following conditions:

* The output address (receiving address) must also be listed as one of the input addresses and cannot be a totally new address
* The output address (receiving address) must end up with a balance of more than 0.01 BTC
If you are not sure if the operation is complete, please make two transfers.

### Unclaimed coins

> A private miner will validate the transfer of the remaining unclaimed UnitedBitcoin to multiple multi-signature addresses controlled by the UB Foundation. This process will not affect any BTC balances. The limited amount of UB gained through this process will be deposited into the UB foundation as well.

> Part of UB Foundation’ s coins will be used for Phase 2 distribution. The remaining will be reserved as collateral to back the issuance of digital currencies pegged to fiat currencies.

## Phase 2 - Manual distribution

**January 3rd 2018, block 501878**

The phase 2 is for all users who failed to "activate" their addresses for the phase 1. It is like an additional claim option, not a new fork: users will be granted the amount of forked coins for the address state at block 498777. It is necessary to activate the BTC address as described above and submit the TXID to the UB foundation.

> All users with Bitcoins who failed to get UnitedBitcoin in Phase #1, and who make at least one transfer to his/her own Bitcoin address between Block 498777 and Block 501878 (12 December 2017 to 12:00 on 3 January 2018 GMT).

> Only address balances at the time of the fork will be considered for post-fork crediting
Only the original address can make the transfer to itself
The receiving address must have a prior balance of more than 0.01BTC, and must be used as one of the sending (input) addresses.

> Eligible addresses will receive a UB balance that is the equivalent of the BTC balance (of that address) at block height 498777.

> During phase 2, the UB chain is operational, thus UnitedBitcoin can only be manually distributed by UB.com on behalf of the UB foundation. Users can submit their TXID to UB.com and the claim for UB will be processed within 30 days.
